Add neoforge:villager_types Datamap to BuiltIn Maps (#226)
neoforged/Documentation: versioned_docs/version-1.21.1/resources/server/datamaps/builtin.md

}
```

## `neoforge:villager_types`

> Allows configuring the villager type that will spawn when in a certain biome, as a replacement for `VillagerType#BY_BIOME`. It is located at `neoforge/data_maps/worldgen/biome/villager_types.json` and its objects have the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows configuring the villager type that will spawn based on its biome, as a replacement for `VillagerType#BY_BIOME` (which will be ignored in 1.22). It is located at `neoforge/data_maps/worldgen/biome/villager_types.json` and its objects have the following structure:
```

Added a message saying that the fallback is removed in 1.22 and changed the wording of the spawn condition slightly.

}
```

## `neoforge:villager_types`

Allows configuring the villager type that will spawn based on its biome, as a replacement for `VillagerType#BY_BIOME` (which will be ignored in 1.22). It is located at `neoforge/data_maps/worldgen/biome/villager_types.json` and its objects have the following structure:

```json5
{
    // The villager type that will spawn in this biome
    "villager_type": "minecraft:desert"

>     //  If a biome is not present the default villager type of `minecraft:plains` will be used

Reviewer: This should go above the example and underneath the previous comment.

As for the wording, I would phrase it more like 'If no villager type is specified for a biome, then 'Minecraft:plains' will be used.
